---
title: Privacy policy
---
Sedos respects your privacy and does not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information collected on this site. Any information that you give will be treated in a careful and secure manner. It will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.

This statement explains how we may collect and use information about you through our website. If you have any questions about our privacy policies, want to exercise your right to see a copy of the information that we hold about you, or think that information we hold about you may need to be corrected, please send an email to our data protection officer at dataprotection@sedos.co.uk.

We do not seek to identify individual visitors unless they volunteer their contact details through one of the forms on the site. Various forms on our site invite you to submit your contact details and other information about yourself or your organisation, or to send us emails which may, of course, also identify you. In each case, the purpose for which you are invited to give us information is clear and we also indicate which of the requested information is essential for the relevant purpose and which is optional - fields for essential information are marked with an asterisk. We will only use your details to send you information from Sedos that you have specifically requested to receive. If you no longer wish to receive such information, our emails contain a link that will allow you to change or terminate your subscription to our email alerting service. Alternatively, you can let us know your preferences by sending an email to webmaster@sedos.co.uk. We will not use your information for purposes that are not clear when you provide your details, and will not disclose it outside Sedos, except in very limited circumstances and only with your agreement or where we are legally obliged to do so.

Sedos strives to protect the security of information that you provide to Sedos, and will comply at all time with its statutory and any other obligations in this regard.