input/shows/2023-sedos-open-week.md, before:

---
title: Sedos Open Week
year: "2023"
subtitle: A week at the Bridewell packed with events for everyone who wants to
  get involved
showtimes:
  - time: 2023-09-17 09:00
  - time: 2023-09-18 19:00
  - time: 2023-09-20 20:00
  - time: 2023-09-21 19:00
  - time: 2023-09-22 19:30
  - time: 2023-09-23 10:00
showtime-summary: 17-23 SEPTEMBER 2023
show-on-homepage: true
venue: Bridewell Theatre
ticket-prices: Tickets for Open Week events range from free to £10
primary-color: "#feb800"
header-image: /assets/openweek.jpg
header-image-contain: false
flyer: /assets/sedos-open-week-poster-holder-2.jpg
box-office-open: true
box-office-link: https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows
sections: []
metaTitle: Sedos Open Week
metaDescription: Sedos Open Week – seven days of events at the Bridewell
  Theatre, with something for everyone who wants to get involved
---
A week at the [Bridewell Theatre](https://www.sedos.co.uk/venues/bridewell) packed with events for everyone who wants to get involved. 

[Book all the events here](https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows). 

Check out the full details of [Gatsby and Fay auditions](https://www.sedos.co.uk/events/gatsby-and-fay-auditions). 

^^^
![](/assets/openweekcalendar.jpg)
^^^

Commit message:

Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS
Force merge of:
* "input/assets/singalong.jpeg"
* "input/shows/2023-sedos-open-week.md"

input/shows/2023-sedos-open-week.md, after:

---
title: Sedos Open Week
year: "2023"
subtitle: A week at the Bridewell packed with events for everyone who wants to
  get involved
showtimes:
  - time: 2023-09-17 09:00
  - time: 2023-09-18 19:00
  - time: 2023-09-20 20:00
  - time: 2023-09-21 19:00
  - time: 2023-09-22 19:30
  - time: 2023-09-23 10:00
showtime-summary: 17-23 SEPTEMBER 2023
show-on-homepage: true
venue: Bridewell Theatre
ticket-prices: Tickets for Open Week events range from free to £10
primary-color: "#feb800"
header-image: /assets/openweek.jpg
header-image-contain: false
flyer: /assets/sedos-open-week-poster-holder-2.jpg
box-office-open: true
box-office-link: https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows
sections:
  - order: 1
    title: BIG SUNDAY SING-ALONG
    body: >-
      **Come and join us for our biggest sing-along of the season from 9am to
      9pm!** 


      We’ve assembled a squad of musical directors to lead our biggest cast yet (yes that's you!) through a selection of favourites over the course of a Sunday. You’ll learn all of the numbers throughout the day before we put you all together with a live band to enjoy the numbers in their full glory. 


      Whether you’d like to sing in the chorus or perhaps even fancy a cheeky solo line – we’d love to hear from you!


      Certified. Bangers. Guaranteed!


      **Cost: £10**


      [Book here](https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows/1173648134)


      ^^^

      ![Open Week: Big Sunday Sing-Along](/assets/singalong.jpeg)

      ^^^
metaTitle: Sedos Open Week
metaDescription: Sedos Open Week – seven days of events at the Bridewell
  Theatre, with something for everyone who wants to get involved
---
A week at the [Bridewell Theatre](https://www.sedos.co.uk/venues/bridewell) packed with events for everyone who wants to get involved. 

[Book all the events here](https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows). 

Check out the full details of [Gatsby and Fay auditions](https://www.sedos.co.uk/events/gatsby-and-fay-auditions). 

^^^
![](/assets/openweekcalendar.jpg)
^^^
