input/shows/2023-sondheim-on-sondheim.md, before:

---
title: Sondheim on Sondheim
year: "2023"
authors: Music and Lyrics by STEPHEN SONDHEIM
authors2: Conceived and directed on Broadway by JAMES LAPINE
subtitle: An intimate look at the Father of the Modern Musical, featuring new
  arrangements of his most beloved work
showtimes:
  - time: 2023-07-04 19:30
  - time: 2023-07-05 19:30
  - time: 2023-07-06 19:30
  - time: 2023-07-07 19:30
  - time: 2023-07-08 14:30
  - time: 2023-07-08 19:30
showtime-summary: 4-8 July 2023
venue: Bridewell Theatre
ticket-prices: From £11.50
additional-ticket-info: "Gala night: Friday 7 July – tickets include a glass of
  fizz and panel discussion with the Sondheim Society"
primary-color: "#45576c"
header-image: /assets/website-hero.png
header-image-contain: false
flyer: /assets/sondheim-poster.png
box-office-open: true
box-office-link: https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows/1173636618
sections:
  - order: 1
    title: CAST & CREATIVE TEAM
    body: |-
      **CREATIVE TEAM**

      **DIRECTOR** | Tess Robinson\
      **MUSICAL DIRECTOR** | Adrian Hau\
      **PRODUCER** | Lizzie Levett\
      **ASSOCIATE MUSICAL DIRECTOR** | Isaac Bartels\
      **VIDEO CREATED AND DESIGNED BY** Peter Flaherty

      **CAST**

      Adrianna Cordero-Marino\
      Andrea Civera\
      Britt Lewis\
      Connor Guffogg\
      Esther Morris\
      James Daly\
      Laura Ellis\
      Michael Pandazis\
      Nick Dore\
      Nicole Murray\
      Olga Marie Pratt\
      Robert. J Stanex\
      Sadie Kempner\
      Sam Sugarman\
      Victoria Basten
  - order: 3
    title: TRAILER
    body: <div class="video-responsive"><?# YouTube v1vC7PfF_vY /?></div>
  - order: 2
    title: GALLERY
    body: <a data-flickr-embed="true"
      href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sedos/albums/72177720308759741"
      title="Sondheim on Sondheim - 2023"><img
      src="https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/53023325891_b8b1d536cb_z.jpg"
      width="640" height="480" alt="Sondheim on Sondheim - 2023"/></a><script
      async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js"
      charset="utf-8"></script>
  - order: 4
    title: REVIEWS
    body: >-
      >It was a pleasure to return to the Bridewell Theatre with a friend to
      enjoy their current production of Sondheim on Sondheim… The band were
      excellent, they sounded so good… The minimalist set with use of a split
      level stage and multiple entrances all contributed to smooth transitions
      between numbers… Lighting was effective and worked very well – there were
      many lighting cues which must have been very hard work for the technical
      crew…This was a 15 strong cast, and they all had ample opportunity to
      shine, both in ensemble and individually. There were no weak links in the
      cast…This was a high quality production with a strong ensemble cast who
      blended very well.   

      ><footer><cite><a target="_blank" href="https://www.sardinesmagazine.co.uk/review/sondheim-on-sondheim/">Sondheim on Sondheim, 2023, Sardines (****)</a></cite></footer>


      > It was wonderful to hear songs sung in harmony that are normally sung as solos and it was this area in particular that Sedos excelled at. The moments when the entire cast were on stage, singing in harmony, were my highlights of the night. The MD, Adrian Hau must be commended on the hard work that must have gone into getting such a glorious sound from the cast… Whilst talking about Adrian Hau I must also commend the band. Playing Sondheim is no easy task but this 8 piece band managed to make it sound seamless. Combined with a great sound design by Adam Coppard which ensured that the band and vocals were well balanced and the harmonies blended it was a professional sounding show… The show was directed by Tess Robinson and she ensured that the production was exceedingly slick… The set was simple but well utilised… The cast was made up of 15 very strong performers resulting in the aforementioned wonderful choral singing however there were also some moments where the soloists got a chance to shine.

      ><footer><cite><a target="_blank" href="https://musicaltheatremusings.co.uk/sondheim-on-sondheim">Sondheim on Sondheim, 2023, Musical Theatre Musings</a></cite></footer>
metaTitle: Sondheim on Sondheim plays at the Bridewell Theatre from 4-8 July 2023
metaDescription: Sondheim on Sondheim is part of Sedos’ 2023 London season and
  plays at the Bridewell Theatre from 4-8 July 2023. An intimate look at the
  Father of the Modern Musical, featuring new arrangements of his most beloved
  work.
---
**An intimate look at the Father of the Modern Musical, featuring new arrangements of his most beloved work.**

Hailed as a "revelatory revue full of wonderful moments" and a "funny, affectionate and revealing tribute to musical theatre's greatest living composer and lyricist," *Sondheim on Sondheim* is an intimate portrait of the famed songwriter in his own words... and music. Through the use of exclusive interview footage, audiences get an inside look at the personal life and artistic process of famed composer, Stephen Sondheim.

His story. His inspiration. His genius. The tapestry of creativity that characterizes Stephen Sondheim remained largely undiscussed, especially by the man himself, until the creation of *Sondheim on Sondheim*. Ranging from the beloved to the obscure, the carefully selected two-dozen songs hang from a framework of in-depth video interviews, delving into Sondheim's personal life and artistic process.

*Sondheim on Sondheim* plays at the [Bridewell Theatre](https://sedos.co.uk/venues/bridewell) from 4-8 July 2023.

**Gala night (Friday 7 July, entry with a ticket for this performance):** join us immediately after the curtain falls when we’ll welcome Alex Young (*Follies*, National Theatre, *Into The Woods*, Theatre Royal, *Standing at the Sky’s Edge*, National Theatre), Susannah Fellows (West end casts of: *Chicago*, *City of Angels*, *Aspects of Love*, *Nine*, *Evita*), Tim Sawers (former executive director, The Bridewell Theatre), David Lardi (Sondheim Society trustee) and Craig Glenday (chairman of Sondheim Society). You’ll hear all about Sondheim’s history with the Bridewell Theatre from those who were there as well as insights into his work. Plus video messages from even more special guests!

**Panel event between shows at 5.30pm on Saturday 8 July:** join us between shows for a panel event hosted in collaboration with the Stephen Sondheim Society to discuss the great man’s work and his history with the Bridewell Theatre. We'll be joined by special guests: Alex Young (*Follies* - National Theatre, *Anyone Can Whistle* - Southwark Playhouse, *Into The Woods* - Theatre Royal and recently *Standing at the Sky’s Edge* - National Theatre), Craig Glenday (chair of the Stephen Sondheim Society) and the UK’s foremost musical theatre archivist Rex Bunnett, whose collection was recently featured at the V&A Museum.  This event is free for Sedos members (but [please book a ticket through the box office](https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows/1173644709)) and £5 for non-members (again [bookable through the box office](https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows/1173644709)). 

Music and Lyrics by Stephen Sondheim\
Conceived and directed on Broadway by James Lapine\
Inspired by a concept by David Kernan\
Originally produced on Broadway by Roundabout Theatre Company\
Todd Haimes, Artistic Director, Harold Wolpert, Managing Director, Julia C. Levy, Executive Director

This amateur production is presented by arrangement with Music Theatre International. All authorised performance materials are also supplied by MTI. [www.mtishows.co.uk](www.mtishows.co.uk)

Commit message:

Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS
Force merge of:
* "input/assets/screenshot-2023-07-12-at-08.58.46.png"
* "input/shows/2023-sondheim-on-sondheim.md"

input/shows/2023-sondheim-on-sondheim.md, after:

---
title: Sondheim on Sondheim
year: "2023"
authors: Music and Lyrics by STEPHEN SONDHEIM
authors2: Conceived and directed on Broadway by JAMES LAPINE
subtitle: An intimate look at the Father of the Modern Musical, featuring new
  arrangements of his most beloved work
showtimes:
  - time: 2023-07-04 19:30
  - time: 2023-07-05 19:30
  - time: 2023-07-06 19:30
  - time: 2023-07-07 19:30
  - time: 2023-07-08 14:30
  - time: 2023-07-08 19:30
showtime-summary: 4-8 July 2023
venue: Bridewell Theatre
ticket-prices: From £11.50
additional-ticket-info: "Gala night: Friday 7 July – tickets include a glass of
  fizz and panel discussion with the Sondheim Society"
primary-color: "#45576c"
header-image: /assets/website-hero.png
header-image-contain: false
flyer: /assets/sondheim-poster.png
box-office-open: true
box-office-link: https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows/1173636618
sections:
  - order: 1
    title: CAST & CREATIVE TEAM
    body: |-
      **CREATIVE TEAM**

      **DIRECTOR** | Tess Robinson\
      **MUSICAL DIRECTOR** | Adrian Hau\
      **PRODUCER** | Lizzie Levett\
      **ASSOCIATE MUSICAL DIRECTOR** | Isaac Bartels\
      **VIDEO CREATED AND DESIGNED BY** Peter Flaherty

      **CAST**

      Adrianna Cordero-Marino\
      Andrea Civera\
      Britt Lewis\
      Connor Guffogg\
      Esther Morris\
      James Daly\
      Laura Ellis\
      Michael Pandazis\
      Nick Dore\
      Nicole Murray\
      Olga Marie Pratt\
      Robert. J Stanex\
      Sadie Kempner\
      Sam Sugarman\
      Victoria Basten
  - order: 3
    title: TRAILER
    body: <div class="video-responsive"><?# YouTube v1vC7PfF_vY /?></div>
  - order: 2
    title: GALLERY
    body: <a data-flickr-embed="true"
      href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sedos/albums/72177720308759741"
      title="Sondheim on Sondheim - 2023"><img
      src="https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/53023325891_b8b1d536cb_z.jpg"
      width="640" height="480" alt="Sondheim on Sondheim - 2023"/></a><script
      async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js"
      charset="utf-8"></script>
  - order: 4
    title: REVIEWS
    body: >-
      >It was a pleasure to return to the Bridewell Theatre with a friend to
      enjoy their current production of Sondheim on Sondheim… The band were
      excellent, they sounded so good… The minimalist set with use of a split
      level stage and multiple entrances all contributed to smooth transitions
      between numbers… Lighting was effective and worked very well – there were
      many lighting cues which must have been very hard work for the technical
      crew…This was a 15 strong cast, and they all had ample opportunity to
      shine, both in ensemble and individually. There were no weak links in the
      cast…This was a high quality production with a strong ensemble cast who
      blended very well.   

      ><footer><cite><a target="_blank" href="https://www.sardinesmagazine.co.uk/review/sondheim-on-sondheim/">Sondheim on Sondheim, 2023, Sardines (****)</a></cite></footer>


      > It was wonderful to hear songs sung in harmony that are normally sung as solos and it was this area in particular that Sedos excelled at. The moments when the entire cast were on stage, singing in harmony, were my highlights of the night. The MD, Adrian Hau must be commended on the hard work that must have gone into getting such a glorious sound from the cast… Whilst talking about Adrian Hau I must also commend the band. Playing Sondheim is no easy task but this 8 piece band managed to make it sound seamless. Combined with a great sound design by Adam Coppard which ensured that the band and vocals were well balanced and the harmonies blended it was a professional sounding show… The show was directed by Tess Robinson and she ensured that the production was exceedingly slick… The set was simple but well utilised… The cast was made up of 15 very strong performers resulting in the aforementioned wonderful choral singing however there were also some moments where the soloists got a chance to shine.

      ><footer><cite><a target="_blank" href="https://musicaltheatremusings.co.uk/sondheim-on-sondheim">Sondheim on Sondheim, 2023, Musical Theatre Musings</a></cite></footer>
  - order: 5
    title: DIGITAL PROGRAMME
    body: >-
      Check out the [digital
      programme](https://marvelapp.com/prototype/jhg003h/screen/92183407) for
      *Sondheim on Sondheim*. 


      ^^^

      ![Sondheim on Sondheim digital programme](/assets/screenshot-2023-07-12-at-08.58.46.png)

      ^^^
metaTitle: Sondheim on Sondheim plays at the Bridewell Theatre from 4-8 July 2023
metaDescription: Sondheim on Sondheim is part of Sedos’ 2023 London season and
  plays at the Bridewell Theatre from 4-8 July 2023. An intimate look at the
  Father of the Modern Musical, featuring new arrangements of his most beloved
  work.
---
**An intimate look at the Father of the Modern Musical, featuring new arrangements of his most beloved work.**

Hailed as a "revelatory revue full of wonderful moments" and a "funny, affectionate and revealing tribute to musical theatre's greatest living composer and lyricist," *Sondheim on Sondheim* is an intimate portrait of the famed songwriter in his own words... and music. Through the use of exclusive interview footage, audiences get an inside look at the personal life and artistic process of famed composer, Stephen Sondheim.

His story. His inspiration. His genius. The tapestry of creativity that characterizes Stephen Sondheim remained largely undiscussed, especially by the man himself, until the creation of *Sondheim on Sondheim*. Ranging from the beloved to the obscure, the carefully selected two-dozen songs hang from a framework of in-depth video interviews, delving into Sondheim's personal life and artistic process.

*Sondheim on Sondheim* plays at the [Bridewell Theatre](https://sedos.co.uk/venues/bridewell) from 4-8 July 2023.

**Gala night (Friday 7 July, entry with a ticket for this performance):** join us immediately after the curtain falls when we’ll welcome Alex Young (*Follies*, National Theatre, *Into The Woods*, Theatre Royal, *Standing at the Sky’s Edge*, National Theatre), Susannah Fellows (West end casts of: *Chicago*, *City of Angels*, *Aspects of Love*, *Nine*, *Evita*), Tim Sawers (former executive director, The Bridewell Theatre), David Lardi (Sondheim Society trustee) and Craig Glenday (chairman of Sondheim Society). You’ll hear all about Sondheim’s history with the Bridewell Theatre from those who were there as well as insights into his work. Plus video messages from even more special guests!

**Panel event between shows at 5.30pm on Saturday 8 July:** join us between shows for a panel event hosted in collaboration with the Stephen Sondheim Society to discuss the great man’s work and his history with the Bridewell Theatre. We'll be joined by special guests: Alex Young (*Follies* - National Theatre, *Anyone Can Whistle* - Southwark Playhouse, *Into The Woods* - Theatre Royal and recently *Standing at the Sky’s Edge* - National Theatre), Craig Glenday (chair of the Stephen Sondheim Society) and the UK’s foremost musical theatre archivist Rex Bunnett, whose collection was recently featured at the V&A Museum.  This event is free for Sedos members (but [please book a ticket through the box office](https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows/1173644709)) and £5 for non-members (again [bookable through the box office](https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows/1173644709)). 

Music and Lyrics by Stephen Sondheim\
Conceived and directed on Broadway by James Lapine\
Inspired by a concept by David Kernan\
Originally produced on Broadway by Roundabout Theatre Company\
Todd Haimes, Artistic Director, Harold Wolpert, Managing Director, Julia C. Levy, Executive Director

This amateur production is presented by arrangement with Music Theatre International. All authorised performance materials are also supplied by MTI. [www.mtishows.co.uk](www.mtishows.co.uk)
