---
title: Anna
year: "2025"
authors: by ELLA HICKSON
subtitle: In a world ruled by secrets, espionage and surveillance, who can be trusted?
showtimes:
  - time: 2025-07-08 19:30
  - time: 2025-07-09 19:30
  - time: 2025-07-10 19:30
  - time: 2025-07-11 19:30
  - time: 2025-07-12 17:00
showtime-summary: 8-12 JULY 2025
venue: Bridewell Theatre
primary-color: "#d6d08a"
header-image: /assets/anna-hokding-imnage.jpg
header-image-contain: false
flyer: /assets/anna-poster-2025.jpg
box-office-open: false
sections:
  - order: 1
    title: CREATIVE TEAM
    body: |-
      **DIRECTOR** | Jonny Harding-Cooper\
      **PRODUCER** | Ben Hussey\
      **SET BUILD** | Andrew Laidlaw
RedirectFrom: []
metaTitle: Anna, by Ella Hickson, plays at the Bridewell Theatre from 8-12 July 2025
metaDescription: Anna, by Ella Hickson, unfolds with all the tension of a spy
  thriller, and the inexorable revelations of an Ibsen play. It is part of
  Sedos’ 2025 season and plays at the Bridewell Theatre from 8-12 July 2025
---
**In a world ruled by secrets, espionage and surveillance, who can be trusted?**

East Berlin. 1968. The Soviet occupation of East Berlin. A population controlled by mass surveillance. Almost half a million spies and informants embedded into workplaces, homes and families. Anna and Hans host an evening to be remembered. But who can be trusted when everyone is listening?

Director Jonny Harding-Cooper commented: "This will be like nothing anyone has seen or participated in before. It presents a completely original array of stagecraft challenges and technical obstacles: 10 actors, all on stage at the same time, all in different conversations, all at the same time. 10 character arcs, overlapping and intermingled, all winding through a plot filled with twists, turns and drops. For an audience, it offers an utterly unique evening: 70 minutes experienced in real-time following the perspective of one character: Anna."

"A swift spy thriller set during the Cold War that's as slick and stylish as it is technologically savvy... a wonderfully plotted play, full of history, mystery and horror… oppressive, intense, and impressively intelligent" - *The Stage*

"Marvellous... a political thriller with a retro edge... a complex multilayered plot worthy of Le Carré" - *The Times*

"Intimate and disturbing' - *Observer*

"Electrifying... as unsettling as it is nail-biting...Anna is a rare thing of beauty: a play one hates to stop watching" - *The Reviews Hub*

"Ella Hickson's radical new play asks its audience to spy on the lives of a nation gripped by revolutionary promise": read an article about *Anna* published in T[he Guardian, 16 May 201](https://www.theguardian.com/stage/2019/may/16/berlin-1968-national-theatre-anna-ella-hickson-communist-east-germany-headphones)9.

*Anna* plays at the Bridewell Theatre from 8-12 July 2025.