input/events/christmas-carols-2024.md, before:

---
title: Christmas carols in aid of Glassdoor
times:
  - time: 2024-12-10 19:30
image: /assets/image0.png
imageAlt: Christmas carols 2024
metaTitle: Christmas carols 2024 – London am dram societies team up to raise
  money for Glassdoor
metaDescription: Join Sedos, Centre Stage and Geoids for Christmas carols 2024,
  under the Christmas tree in Trafalgar Square
---
**Join Sedos and our friends from Centre Stage and Geoids for carols under the Christmas tree in Trafalgar Square in aid of Glass Door.**

As is becoming an annual tradition, we’re heading to Trafalgar Square for some impromptu carolling under the Christmas tree! 

This year we’re shaking buckets and collecting in aid of [Glass Door](https://www.glassdoor.org.uk) – a homelessness charity who do incredible work, especially during the winter season.

**Location:** Trafalgar Square\
**Meet time:** 7.30pm behind the Christmas tree where the performances are\
**Singing time:** 8-9pm\
**Dress code:** Festive red! We will be outside so please dress for the weather.\
**Sign up:** [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1cfQY_puwIT8FTo3UHDS_MFNrLnO9Ogi-D5VfKb5cgi4/viewform?edit_requested=true&pli=1)

All of the sheet music for carols (mostly traditional ones!) will be e-mailed to you before the day – we won't be printing any copies (let's be sustainable!) so we'd suggest that you read them from your phone or tablet device.

We’ll sojourn to a pub afterwards for a festive tipple too! 

[Please sign up here.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1cfQY_puwIT8FTo3UHDS_MFNrLnO9Ogi-D5VfKb5cgi4/viewform?edit_requested=true&pli=1)

Commit message:

Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS
Force merge of:
* "input/assets/carol-singing-website-_20241120_092900_0000.png"
* "input/events/christmas-carols-2024.md"

input/events/christmas-carols-2024.md, after:

---
title: Christmas carols in aid of Glass Door
times:
  - time: 2024-12-10 19:30
image: /assets/carol-singing-website-_20241120_092900_0000.png
imageAlt: Christmas carols 2024
metaTitle: Christmas carols 2024 – London am dram societies team up to raise
  money for Glass Door
metaDescription: Join Sedos, Centre Stage and Geoids for Christmas carols 2024,
  under the Christmas tree in Trafalgar Square
---
**Join Sedos and our friends from Centre Stage and Geoids for carols under the Christmas tree in Trafalgar Square in aid of Glass Door.**

As is becoming an annual tradition, we’re heading to Trafalgar Square for some impromptu carolling under the Christmas tree! 

This year we’re shaking buckets and collecting in aid of [Glass Door](https://www.glassdoor.org.uk) – a homelessness charity who do incredible work, especially during the winter season.

**Location:** Trafalgar Square\
**Meet time:** 7.30pm behind the Christmas tree where the performances are\
**Singing time:** 8-9pm\
**Dress code:** Festive red! We will be outside so please dress for the weather.\
**Sign up:** [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1cfQY_puwIT8FTo3UHDS_MFNrLnO9Ogi-D5VfKb5cgi4/viewform?edit_requested=true&pli=1)

All of the sheet music for carols (mostly traditional ones!) will be e-mailed to you before the day – we won’t be printing any copies (let’s be sustainable!) so we’d suggest that you read them from your phone or tablet device.

We’ll sojourn to a pub afterwards for a festive tipple too! 

[Please sign up here.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1cfQY_puwIT8FTo3UHDS_MFNrLnO9Ogi-D5VfKb5cgi4/viewform?edit_requested=true&pli=1)
