input/events/gatsby-and-fay-auditions.md, before:

---
title: Gatsby and Fay auditions
times:
  - time: 2023-09-09 11:00
image: /assets/screenshot-2023-08-17-at-15.05.03.png
imageAlt: Gatsby and Fay auditions
metaTitle: Gatsby and Fay auditions
metaDescription: "Gatsby and Fay auditions: get involved in our script-in-hand
  queer retelling of The Great Gatsby"
---
**ABOUT THE SHOW**

*Gatsby and Fay* is a radical queer retelling of *The Great Gatsby* that’s grimmer, glammer, and gayer than ever. Jay Gatsby is the enigmatic trans host of London’s most outrageously queer parties. They’re desperate to win back their bisexual ex girlfriend, Daisy Fay Buchanan, five years after transphobia drove them apart. But her abusive husband isn’t going to let her go.

This play is a celebration of queer growth full of laughter, tears, and a personal look at abuse.

Gatsby and Fay is about love. How we idealise our loved ones, how we make excuses for a lover’s bad behaviour, how we value certain types of love over others. And above all, Gatsby and Fay is about what happens when love goes wrong. 

# [FULL AUDITION NOTICE](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yrtevFT2ZgtrW6X_b2M5dvf6ryPHg1ihlZ_zLP86FoA/edit#heading=h.s5ioqqbe41ko)

**KEY DATES**

**Self-tape submission deadline:** 11am Saturday 9 September 2023\
**Rehearsal:** Tuesday 19 September 7-11pm at the Bridewell Theatre\
**Script-in-hand performance:** Wednesday 20 SEptember at the Bridewell Theatr

**DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION IN CASTING**

We are committed to ensuring *Gatsby and Fay*, and Sedos activities generally, are equally accessible to any person irrespective of race, colour, creed, ethnic or national origin, disability, religious belief, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, or class/socio-economic group. This is especially true of *Gatsby and Fay*, which is a show that’s designed to flip old conceptions of Gatsby on their heads and express the reality of the queer community. Gatsby’s parties are queer parties, and modern queer culture was created and continues to be enhanced by Black and Indigenous, disabled, and trans queer people. We are looking to cast this show consciously and inclusively.

You can read Sedos’s Equality, Diversity and Inclusion policy in full [here](https://www.sedos.co.uk/assets/policies/2022-10-edi-policy.pdf).

# [FULL AUDITION NOTICE](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yrtevFT2ZgtrW6X_b2M5dvf6ryPHg1ihlZ_zLP86FoA/edit#heading=h.s5ioqqbe41ko)

**MORE AUDITIONS**

Info about all Sedos’s [London auditions](https://www.sedos.co.uk/get-involved)

Commit message:

Update Events “gatsby-and-fay-auditions”

input/events/gatsby-and-fay-auditions.md, after:

---
title: Gatsby and Fay auditions
times:
  - time: 2023-09-09 11:00
image: /assets/screenshot-2023-08-17-at-15.05.03.png
imageAlt: Gatsby and Fay auditions
metaTitle: Gatsby and Fay auditions
metaDescription: "Gatsby and Fay auditions: get involved in our script-in-hand
  queer retelling of The Great Gatsby"
---
**ABOUT THE SHOW**

*Gatsby and Fay* is a radical queer retelling of *The Great Gatsby* that’s grimmer, glammer, and gayer than ever. Jay Gatsby is the enigmatic trans host of London’s most outrageously queer parties. They’re desperate to win back their bisexual ex girlfriend, Daisy Fay Buchanan, five years after transphobia drove them apart. But her abusive husband isn’t going to let her go.

This play is a celebration of queer growth full of laughter, tears, and a personal look at abuse.

Gatsby and Fay is about love. How we idealise our loved ones, how we make excuses for a lover’s bad behaviour, how we value certain types of love over others. And above all, Gatsby and Fay is about what happens when love goes wrong. 

# [FULL AUDITION NOTICE](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yrtevFT2ZgtrW6X_b2M5dvf6ryPHg1ihlZ_zLP86FoA/edit#heading=h.s5ioqqbe41ko)

**KEY DATES**

**Self-tape submission deadline:** 11am Saturday 9 September 2023\
**Rehearsal:** Tuesday 19 September 7-11pm at the Bridewell Theatre\
**Script-in-hand performance:** Wednesday 20 SEptember at the Bridewell Theatr

**DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION IN CASTING**

We are committed to ensuring *Gatsby and Fay*, and Sedos activities generally, are equally accessible to any person irrespective of race, colour, creed, ethnic or national origin, disability, religious belief, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, or class/socio-economic group. This is especially true of *Gatsby and Fay*, which is a show that’s designed to flip old conceptions of Gatsby on their heads and express the reality of the queer community. Gatsby’s parties are queer parties, and modern queer culture was created and continues to be enhanced by Black and Indigenous, disabled, and trans queer people. We are looking to cast this show consciously and inclusively.

You can read Sedos’s Equality, Diversity and Inclusion policy in full [here](https://www.sedos.co.uk/assets/policies/2022-10-edi-policy.pdf).

**HOW TO AUDITION**

Auditions are via a self-taped monologue. Find out all the details in the [full audition notice](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yrtevFT2ZgtrW6X_b2M5dvf6ryPHg1ihlZ_zLP86FoA/edit#heading=h.s5ioqqbe41ko). 

**MORE AUDITIONS**

Info about all Sedos’s [London auditions](https://www.sedos.co.uk/get-involved)

^^^
![Gatsby and Fay auditions](/assets/screenshot-2023-08-17-at-15.05.03.png)
^^^
