input/events/simprov-at-the-bridewell.md, before:

---
title: Simprov perform in Clapham
times:
  - time: 2024-07-21 19:00
image: /assets/simprov-july-24-5.jpg
venue: ""
ticket-prices: ""
metaTitle: ""
---
![](/assets/simprov-july-24-5.jpg "Join the Simprov crew at the Bread & Roses, Clapham")

**Simprov is the Sedos group that lets members and non-members explore their spontaneous side.** 

This unplanned, impulsive and spur-of-the-moment group have a number of upcoming performances coming up that are sure to get you laughing in the aisles. Click on the links for more information.

**Sunday 21 July 2024** | 7pm\
[Bread & Roses](https://breadandrosespub.co.uk/), 68 Clapham Manor Street, London SW4 6DZ\
<https://app.lineupnow.com/event/the-defectors-present-scratch-n-sniff-6>

Come on down to the Bread and Roses on the 21 July and get a whiff of all the incredible talent that's been hiding right under your nose. Expect a well balanced, full-bodied evening of comedy, with notes of sketch and stand-up, a hint of music, and other aromatic antics.

##### **Explore Simprov**

Looking for a London improvisation group? Simprov welcomes members of all levels, but is actively seeking people who want to be regular members of the group and develop as improvisers, with an eye towards performance.

If you want to learn improvisation skills and practise them in a fun and supportive way, then the Simprov Drop-In is the place for you. They meet every Friday night (7pm-9.30pm) for an evening of games, learning and a whole heap of fun.

Simprov takes place at Theatre Deli, Studio 8, 107 Leadenhall Street, EC3A 4AF. The cost is £7 per person (£5 for Sedos members) to pay for the room rental. Secure your place by [booking online](https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows/1173652905?_gl=1*g0oul7*_ga*NjQ5NTI0MzE2LjE3MTA3NjE4NjI.*_ga_KQD2K6GSG1*MTcxNDU3NTkzMS4xLjAuMTcxNDU3NTkzNi4wLjAuMA..).

For more info, head to the [Simprov Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/groups/176792046058352/).

![](/assets/simprov_logo.jpg)

Commit message:

Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS
Force merge of:
* "input/assets/bread-anhd-roses-logo-300.jpg"
* "input/events/simprov-at-the-bridewell.md"

input/events/simprov-at-the-bridewell.md, after:

---
title: Simprov perform in Clapham
times:
  - time: 2024-08-18 17:00
image: /assets/simprov-july-24-5.jpg
venue: ""
ticket-prices: ""
metaTitle: ""
---
![](/assets/simprov-july-24-5.jpg "Join the Simprov crew at the Bread & Roses, Clapham")

**Simprov is the Sedos group that lets members and non-members explore their spontaneous side.** 

are returning to the Bread and Roses, Clapham, later this month. This is the first time they’ve done a full-length show outside of the Bridewell and it promises to be a special performance that’s sure to get you laughing in the aisles. Click on the link for more information.

**Sunday 18 August 22024** | 5-6 pm \
[Bread & Roses](https://breadandrosespub.co.uk/), 68 Clapham Manor Street, London SW4 6DZ\
<https://app.lineupnow.com/event/simprov>

Come on down to the Bread and Roses and get a whiff of all the incredible talent that's been hiding right under your nose. Expect a well balanced, full-bodied evening of comedy, with notes of sketch and stand-up, a hint of music, and other aromatic antics.

![](/assets/bread-anhd-roses-logo-300.jpg)

##### **Explore Simprov**

Looking for a London improvisation group? Simprov welcomes members of all levels, but is actively seeking people who want to be regular members of the group and develop as improvisers, with an eye towards performance.

If you want to learn improvisation skills and practise them in a fun and supportive way, then the Simprov Drop-In is the place for you. They meet every Friday night (7pm-9.30pm) for an evening of games, learning and a whole heap of fun.

Simprov takes place at Theatre Deli, Studio 8, 107 Leadenhall Street, EC3A 4AF. The cost is £7 per person (£5 for Sedos members) to pay for the room rental. Secure your place by [booking online](https://sedos.ticketsolve.com/ticketbooth/shows/1173652905?_gl=1*g0oul7*_ga*NjQ5NTI0MzE2LjE3MTA3NjE4NjI.*_ga_KQD2K6GSG1*MTcxNDU3NTkzMS4xLjAuMTcxNDU3NTkzNi4wLjAuMA..).

For more info, head to the [Simprov Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/groups/176792046058352/).

![](/assets/simprov_logo.jpg)
