---
title: Sedos announces 2024 season
date: 2023-09-15
---
*15 September 2023*

**Sedos today announces an exciting 2024 season consisting of four musicals and two plays.**

The shows in the 2024 season are as follows:

***Just So*** (5-9 March, Bridewell Theatre)\
***Richard III*** (8-18 May, Bridwell Theatre)\
***Sunday in the Park with George*** (20-30 June, Wheatsheaf Hall and 28 July and 4 August, Thorington Outdoor Theatre)\
***You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brow***n (9-13 July, Bridewell Theatre)\
***Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead*** (24-28 September, Bridewell Theatre)\
***The Color Purple*** (20-30 November, Bridewell Theatre)

More details of the shows and the teams behind them below. 

Sedos Management Committee chair Adrian Hau said: “As a pitch-led society we are always impressed with the creativity and imagination of our production teams who bring us boundary pushing and diverse ideas - all for a chance to realise their vision for a bucket-list show. 

“Despite how financially difficult it is to put on a show, we are humbled to still recieve so many of those pitches - it tells us that amateur theatre is still very much alive and kicking.

“We, as Sedos, are committed to empowering those teams to realise their creative visions in what we believe is an exciting, diverse, and inclusive 2024 season for our members, both returning and soon-to-be!”

Bridewell Theatre | 5-9 March 2024 | Just So 

Music by George Stiles

Lyrics by Anthony Drewe

Inspired by the Stories of Rudyard Kipling

Orchestrations by Christopher Jahnke

Associate Orchestrator John Clancy

Originally produced by Cameron Mackintosh 

This amateur production is presented by arrangement with Music Theatre International. All authorised performance materials are also supplied by MTI.

Director - Glen Jordan

Choreographer - Sam Ferguson

Musical Director - Adrian Hau

Five of Rudyard Kipling's tales weave together into a wonderous tale of personal courage, individuality and friendship. Set to an eclectic, upbeat score, Kipling's Just So Stories are woven with wit and imagination into a song-filled journey through the jungle.

Bridewell Theatre | 8-18 May 2024 | Richard III

William Shakespeare

Director - Daniel Edge

Creative Technical Director - Adrian Jeakins

Producer - Clare Harding

“Now is the winter of our discontent. Made glorious summer by this sun of York.” 

Young Richard of Gloucester begins his unscrupulous climb to the top. But how does such a tyrant get away with his actions and how can he be stopped? Bringing the story to the modern day Conservative Party during the 2019 Leadership Election, the parallels drawn in this innovative production of Richard III will bring the story closer to home than ever before. 

Wheatsheaf Hall | 20-30 June 2024 

Thorington Outdoor Theatre | 28 July 2024 & 4 August 2024

Sunday in the Park with George

Music and Lyrics by Stephen Sondheim

Book by James Lapine

Director - Robert J. Stanex

Musical Director - Isaac Bartels 

Choreographer - Kim Barker 

Producer - Becky Chisholm

Set Realisation - Matt Ferris

Costume Realisation - Deborah Lean

Inspired by the painting A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte by Georges Seurat, Sunday In The Park With George, Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine's stunning masterpiece merges past and present into beautiful, poignant truths about life, love and the creation of art.

This production will begin with a two-week run at Wheatsheaf Hall followed by a transfer to Thorington Outdoor Theatre. 

Bridewell Theatre | 9-13 July 2024 | You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brown

Based on The Comic Strip “Peanuts” 

by Charles M. Schulz

Book, Music and Lyrics by Clark Gesner

Additional Dialogue by Michael Mayer

Additional Music and Lyrics by Andrew Lippa

Director - Mark Siddall

Musical Director - Michael Cannon

Producer - Ben Hussey

With charm, wit, and heart, You're A Good Man, Charlie Brown explores life through the eyes of Charlie Brown and his friends in the Peanuts gang. This revue of songs and vignettes, based on the beloved Charles Schulz comic strip, span the months from Valentine’s Day to Beethoven Day, from wild optimism to utter despair. 

Bridewell Theatre | 24-28 September 2024 | Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead

Written by Tom Stoppard

Director - Franny Rafferty 

Against the backdrop of Hamlet, two hapless minor characters, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, take centre stage.  As the young double act stumble their way in and out of the action of Shakespeare’s iconic drama, they become increasingly out of their depth as their version of the story unfolds.

Bridewell Theatre | 20-30 November 2024 | The Color Purple

Based on the novel by Alice Walker and the Warner Bros/Amblin Entertainment 

motion picture 

Book by Marsha Norman

Music and Lyrics by Brenda Russell, 

Allee Willis and Stephen Bray

The Color Purple was produced on Broadway at the Broadway Theater by Oprah Winfrey,

Scott Sanders, Roy Furman, and Quincy Jones. 

The world premiere of The Color Purple was produced by the Alliance Theatre, Atlanta, Georgia.

“The Color Purple” is presented through special arrangement with and all authorised 

performance materials are supplied by Theatrical Rights Worldwide (TRW).

Director - Tasha Msanide

Assistant Director - Alyssa Jacobs

Musical Director - Chris Nelson

Choreographer - Vanessa Forte

Associate Director and Acting Coach - Bridgett Amofah

Associate Director - Landé Belo

Producer - Tess Robinson 

The Color Purple documents the traumas and gradual triumph of Celie, an African American teenager raised in rural isolation in Georgia. Celie narrates her life through painfully honest letters to God. The story weaves an intricate mosaic of women joined by their love for each other, the men who abuse them, and the children they care for.